bluetooth: fast_pair: separate subsequent pairing feature into Kconfig (#16287)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/fast_pair.rst

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_REQ_PAIRING` - The option enforces the requirement for Bluetooth pairing and bonding during the `Fast Pair Procedure`_.
  This option is enabled by default.
  See the :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair_gatt_service_no_ble_pairing` for more details.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_SUBSEQUENT_PAIRING` - The option adds support for the Fast Pair Subsequent Pairing feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_SUBSEQUENT_PAIRING` - The option enables support for the Fast Pair subsequent pairing feature.
```

>   This option is enabled by default unless the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is enabled by default unless the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN` Kconfig option is enabled.
```

Author: we have it phrased this way for 2 other entries (that were part of the NCS 2.7.0 release) so I need to align them as well

Reviewer: You're right - sorry for the additional edits, just felt the text doesn't flow nicely due to repetitions

>   This is done to align default configuration with `Fast Pair Device Feature Requirements for Locator Tags`_ documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This aligns the default configuration with the `Fast Pair Device Feature Requirements for Locator Tags`_ documentation.
```
